so what are you impressed that
food can come out of machine hot
hot foods you press the button
you just it's like a real
vending machine that you would
get tips from but instead it
like all these burgers and it
tastes disgusting but the
novelty value it's truly all of
them you just read about it they
pay you have to see one of these
two truly Emily and I study the
birth life and death of the
universe question about and you
tell me a machine that he's a
nasty hamburger in a state of
all occasion you see me standing
in front of the choice you can
get to Burger regular hamburger
piccolo piccolo couldn't you
just put in your they're so
cheap dollar then press the
button and it what it whichever
one often they just get jammed
at the end but you keep going
and eventually you get a kind of
a flattened burger out of a
machine just talked to anyone
only through eating a burger for
lunch after ok I'm a little
older than you but when I was
growing up
yeah people were awed by the
fact that we walked on the moon
yet thanked a killer but I mean
you post
follow then that's the feeling
like we we have why should we
believe it frankly do it again
that's what I want to do it
again I want to look at the moon
well people are walking on the
moon people not just not as
white dudes but people out there
I want my favorite things are
now 22 and you need technology
to do this knowing the space
station is going overhead like
an app on your phone where the
space station the website via
you see little you know it's
hard you sit there just to be
clear it's not when the space
station is overhead it's when
it's over and visible visible
yea during twilight yeah we're
in darkness but it is high up
enough to it is still receiving
some light reflecting it down to
you yeah and in three different
places on earth I did this the
other day and we want to know if
you're sitting there and you're
like oh I feel kind of like an
idiot like I'm on my front stoop
you know like staring there
waiting for you know something's
Santa Claus or something like
that but then you see it's a
really great thing and it starts
to move and you're like there's
people up there right now having
costly it's amazing in this one
in particular was maybe 10:30 at
night or so and it went away
it went like it went high up
above and then it was a bright
it was bright and then it was
just gone about yeah that was
sunset yeah I was just waving it
at astronauts on the space
station as they were
experiencing sunset it was so if
we do this
Emily for